All clear up here.
Yeah, same here.
Ditto.
Copy that, I'm arriving now.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
James?
It's me, magnus.
Over here.
It's good to see you.
You too, helen.
I love the hair.
Thank you.
Any problems?
No, package
is safe and sound.
Although I'll be very happy
to be rid of this one.
Little warmer than I'm used to.
That's what you get
For transporting
a tunisian fire elemental.
I have a cryo-container
in the van.
Magnus,
we got company.
Two cars headed your way.
I got 'em.
All right, fan out.
They can't be far.
Eight
scary-looking dudes.
They're searching the area.
The duke.
Who?
Head of the abnormal mob
back in chicago.
Damn.
He's the one who hired me
To bring him
the elemental.
You stole this
from a mob boss?
I wasn't about to let it
fall into his hands.
How did he find us?
You tell me.
I think your organization
sprung a leak.
No. Impossible.
Henry,
we need a diversion.
I'm on it.
[fires stun gun]
[gunshots blast]
[gunshots echo]
This way.
[shots snipe and ricochet]
Let's go!
[gunshots blast]
[tires squealing]
Get in!
Go!
Protect the package!
Please go!
[shots blast]
[gunshots blast]
They're on the move,
headed north!
Henry, will,
kate's got jimmy.
Meet at the rendezvous.
Hell, yeah. Copy that.
Nice work.
I think we lost them.
So where are we headed?
Why are we slowing down?
Hey, hey, hey!
[horn honking]
[car alarm begins wailing]
Aw, crap.
Sync by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Any sign of them?
Not yet.
Maybe they got
turned around.
Ii's been too long.
Kate, come in.
Kate, do you read?
Maybe she dumped
her walkie.
Try her cell phone.
Yeah.
[ringing]
Great.
I'll call
the big guy,
See if she showed up
at the sanctuary.
Thank you.
Who the hell
were those guys?
Abnormals from chicago.
James stole the elemental
from them.
Well, that's wonderful.
The real question is
How the hell were they able
to track us?
We told no one
about this meeting.
Maybe they followed him.
I've worked with james before.
He knows better
than to let this happen.
She's not
at the sanctuary either.
All right, go back
and check with our contacts.
Find out if anyone's seen them,
And, henry,
I want to know how
this duke character found us.
All right.
[coughs weakly]
[groans groggily]
Easy! Easy,
easy, easy...
I'm just looking at the wound.
We're going to have to get
that bullet out.
We should get back
to the sanctuary.
No, we'd never make it.
In case
you haven't noticed,
There's a bunch
of guys out there
Trying to kill us.
Call magnus.
She'll pick us up.
No can do.
Your walkie's toast.
Besides, we don't know
how those guys found us.
They could be monitoring
our communications.
[groans in pain]
[wincing]
If you think magnus
tipped them off,
Then you're crazy.
No, not her, but
there is a leak.
[cries out in pain]
Until we find out
where it is,
We can't risk
getting in touch with anyone.
[gasping]
I need you...
To stay still.
Are you nuts? No!
Come on!
If I don't get the bullet out,
you are going to bleed to death.
Is that what you want?
Here, you do me a favor.
You take this,
You point this
at the door.
Anyone comes through,
You blow them
away, okay?
And, um...
You know,
try not to move too much.
It was a beat-up
gray sedan.
They shot out a couple
of the windows.
If she was headed
straight to the rendezvous,
She would've turned left
at the first opportunity.
Unless she were going
to the sanctuary,
In which case she would've
kept going straight.
Why were they
shooting at him anyway?
Seems like a dangerous way
to bring in an abnormal.
Well, it's the container
they're after.
He doesn't have to be alive
For them
to collect it.
Magnus, come in.
How's it going, henry?
Yeah, I put the word out
about kate,
But nothing's come back yet.
Big guy's checking to see
If anything got caught
on surveillance videos.
What about
the system scan?
Yeah, still processing,
But in the meantime,
I did some research
into this abnormal mob.
Turns out
their leader's a diukon.
What's a diukon?
Highly aggressive
humanoid offshoot.
They suffer from
uncontrollable bouts of rage
So powerful they literally
can't contain it.
What do you mean,
they can't contain it?
Diukons have special glands
in their hands
That secrete radiation
when they get angry.
If they grab hold of you,
it's very unpleasant.
Yeah, they cook you
from the inside out
Like a microwave...
Or so I've heard.
Henry, how
is it possible
That a diukon
is leading a street gang?
There's no known suppressant
for their anger.
Yeah, I have no idea,
But somebody's giving this guy
some serious happy pills.
According to this,
six months ago
He was pit-fighting
other abnormals for cash.
Now he's the boss.
[knock  n door]
How'd it go?
We lost him.
He got away
With a member
of the sanctuary,
Kate freelander,
But word is
That they never made it
back to the sanctuary.
So where are they now?
We don't know.
What about our
monitoring capability?
It's still
in place,
But we have no way
To locate freelander
specifically.
Her radio signal
went dead.
Look, boss, we'll find him.
Don't worry.
Oh...
I'm not the one
that needs to worry.
[roarage]
Duke...
Duke!
[screams]: Ow!
[gasping and panting in pain]
Get him out of here.
Looks like those rage
parameters
need a tweak.
I...
Think I lost control
for a second.
I'll run a diagnostic.
Yeah.
[exhales heavily]
And keep monitoring
the sanctuary frequency.
As long as
freelander's out there,
I want to keep tabs on them.
Oh, and, uh...
I'm going to need
a new one of these.
Okay...
This is going to hurt.
[whimpers in fear]
No...
[wincing]
Okay...
[screams]
Come on, come on...
You've got to stay still.
You got any morphine?
Please, I wish.
I could use some.
Here.
[coughing]
Hell of a first date, huh?
I've had worse.
I'm jimmy,
by the way.
[cries out in pain]
"hi, jimmy, I'm... "
Kate.
Where you from, kate?
I grew up in chicago.
Chicago, no kidding?
Me too.
What part?
[groans]
West side.
Cal city.
Cal city?
That's not chicago.
Says who?
Anyone actually from chicago.
[groans and whimpers]
Yeah, I'm sorry.
It's in kind of deep.
Oh, god...
It's still not chicago.
Want to continue
on foot?
Well, if
what you say is true,
And kate really has
gone into hiding,
We'll never find her
from the car.
Okay.
Any particular direction
you have an affinity for?
You go east,
I'll go west.
Proceed one block
at a time.
Stay in
radio contact.
All right.
[yelping in pain]
Easy,
I almost got it!
[crying]
[screams]
[sobbing]
There!
You can save this one
for your collection.
Kate?
No, no, no,
no, no...
No, no, no, no, no.
Come on, westside,
don't give up on me.
[cell phone rings]
Go ahead, henry.
Destroy your walkie
right now.
Now, tell me
why I just did that.
We got hit with
a remote hack.
They're using our radio
frequencies to track us.
Where's will?
He's not with me.
He's not
answering his cell.
Dammit.
Will!
Easy...
Easy, easy, easy, easy.
W-what happened?
Oh, nothing much.
You, uh,
stopped breathing,
So I, uh,
Took the opportunity
to make out with you.
Thanks.
Come on, what are
casual acquaintances for?
I'm sorry, doc.
It's all right.
You had no way of knowing.
Whoever did this
is sophisticated.
I'm going to have to re-encrypt
all the com frequencies.
Understood.
I'll see you soon.
[gasps and groans]
[winces]
What's wrong?
Oh, nothing...
Except for this 1,200-degree
abnormal inside of me,
I'm-I'm fine.
Why don't you take it out?
We need
a cryo-container to put it
into.
See, this
pocket of mine,
It acts like
a sealed container.
Without it,
Tte vessel would breach
in 20 minutes or so.
Even with him inside there,
we got, uh,
I don't know, six hours,
eight hours
At the most
Before I'm going to
have to
Get it out of
there again.
That's very reassuring.
[chuckles]
What do those guys
want with it, anyway?
You kidding?
This thing represents
A virtually unlimited
source of energy.
Makes weapons-grade
plutonium
Look like lamp oil.
The duke's
got this guy, uh...
Ellison, a former cabal geek,
Who figured out a way
to harness the energy
And weaponize it.
They were planning
on selling it
To the highest
bidder.
You should go.
[groans in pain]
Hey...
You have a better shot
At making it
to the sanctuary
On your own.
Yeah, and what?
Just leave you here?
Look, I don't want to be
responsible
For that thing getting used
for some crazy weapon.
Well, that's
very noble, kate,
But there's got to be
50 guys out there by now.
I wouldn't make it
out the front door.
What are we going to do?
I don't know.
We'll wait until dark.
You know, hopefully
Things will have
cooled off by then.
No pun intended.
Name's zimmerman.
What about
the others?
The signal went dead
after we grabbed him.
I know what you guys
are looking for.
I can't help you.
Come on...
Don't sell
yourself short.
Everyone out there
is looking for jimmy,
And the first one
to find him,
Well, they're going to
have a big advantage.
That's why I need you.
You're my
insurance policy.
Put him in the room.
Put more men
on the street
And widen the net.
There.
The com system's clean.
Magnus?
Any word on will?
We tried to
track his cell,
But they must have
ditched it.
What are we
going to do?
Well, we have
no choice
But to continue
looking for james.
[barks in protest]
We have no leverage
at the moment,
Which is why we need
to find him
Before they do.
Besides, the canister
he's carrying
Has to come out soon or...
Of course.
Henry, thermographic
scanners.
We use them
to detect the canister.
I thought his pouch
was shielded
To prevent
that kind of detection.
It is, but after
prolonged exposure,
Even a sealed chamber
succumbs to the effects
Of radiant heat.
See if you can calibrate
our scanners to pick it up.
Yeah, all right,
I'm on it.
See you at the van
in five?
Actually,
you go ahead.
Why? What are you
going to do?
Stall.
Hey...
Come on.
None of that.
Here.
This will perk you up.
So, cubs or sox?
Really?
This is what we're
going to talk about?
Hey, no matter
how tough things get,
There is always time
for baseball.
Come on, cubs or sox?
If I wanted to  ee
fat guys running around,
I'd watch reality tv.
Wow...
And you say
you're from chicago.
Next you'll be
telling me
You don't
like pizza.
My dad was a cubs fan.
So I guess
that makes me one too.
Yeah...
See, I knew I should have
left that bullet in.
[laughs]
Ow.
I take it you're a sox fan?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
My dad used to take me
to the games on sundays.
He died when I was 12.
Mine died when I was eight.
No kidding?
What happened?
[scoffs]
Who are you, dr. Phil?
He died, okay?
Okay, I was just,
you know...
This stuff tastes like crap.
[sighs heavily]
We're shut out
Of sanctuary
communications.
What happened?
They neutralized
the initial hack
As expected.
What about the back-up plan?
Still in play.
Good.
[cell phone rings]
Who the hell is this?
Let me make one thing
perfectly clear.
If you have touched
so much as one hair
On will zimmerman's head,
There is not enough real estate
on this earth
To keep you safe from me.
Dr. Magnus.
That's awfully tough talk
For someone
in your position.
Is it?
I guess you haven't heard.
Heard what?
I have jimmy.
You're lying.
My team just picked him up
moments ago.
They're on their way back here
as we speak.
They have cell phones,
don't they?
Put him on the phone.
Let me talk to him.
He's been injured.
He's in no condition
to talk.
I will call you
once he's stable.
Until then,
Get your men off my streets
And keep your hands
off my people.
Do you think she's
telling the truth?
Find out.
[groans softly]
Is this thing going to work?
Absolutely.
Detecting the heat
signature's easy.
Problem is the range,
Because we've got to be
within 35 feet.
35 feet?
You know I never
have enough time
With these things.
I guess I'll be
walking, then.
It's good
for the heart.
Yeah.
[grumbles]
I'll go this way.
Stay sharp.
So who was she?
What?
Only one reason
To get a tattoo removed.
That, or you found out
the chinese character you
picked
Means "stupid white guy."
Ha ha.
Yeah...
Yeah, I used to run
with some guys
Back in the day.
The kingtown gang.
You ever hear of them?
Sounds familiar.
Yeah, I fell in
with them
When I was 16,
After my dad died.
Took me years
to find my way out.
I know the feeling.
Yeah, see, I was
an easy target
Because of old
mr. Happy here.
You know, started out
innocent enough--
Drugs across the border,
stuff like that,
And then someone
needed a gun
For a robbery,
And then someone
needed a gun
For a murder...
Yeah, pretty soon
I was carrying
Just about anything
that fit in there.
I did some things
I'm not proud of.
When'd you get out?
10 years ago.
They got me to make a drop
on the el
At rush hour.
A peridax.
You know
what that is?
No.
It's this cute
little thing.
It's kind of
a cross
Between a guinea pig
and a koala,
But anyway, um...
They said it was
to create a diversion
For a robbery
they're pulling.
Okay, fine,
So I'm, uh...
I'm on the platform
at lake station,
I'm waiting for
the red line, and...
And this woman comes up to me.
Dr. Magnus.
Yeah...
And somehow she knew
everything about me.
Who I was,
what I was about to do,
And she tells me
the gang lied.
That, uh...
That when a peridax gets
scared,
It releases a spray
like a skunk,
Just...
Uh, really toxic
in close quarters, you know?
I mean, I was that close
to killing...
Hundreds of people.
She stopped me.
[chuckles wryly]
What?
Nothing.
Sorry. I...
You just, uh...
You look really familiar.
[beeps an alert]
Sorry...
Enjoy your meal.
Tell the duke
Magnus' people are still
out here
Looking for something.
I think your boss
is lying to me...
Which is very, very bad news
For you.
What are you doing?
Ingenious, aren't they?
Built by my second-in-command,
ellison.
Without 'em,
I'm nothing but an animal,
But at half power,
I find it to be a very
effective
interrogation tool.
Okay, just
hold on a second.
[breathing heavily]
This is a very
bad idea.
I disagree.
[choking and gasping]
Where the hell is jimmy?
Hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey,
Come on, come on...
Don't try
to get up.
[gasping in pain]
Seriously.
If you die,
No one's going to believe
that I saved you.
I can't
stand this.
I need to do something.
We're sitting ducks.
Just relax.
It'll be dark in a few hours,
and we'll move then.
So why'd you leave chicago?
Nothing to tell.
I left, end of story.
Oh, come on,
I had my show and tell.
I think it's your turn.
You know I'm just
going to be annoying
And keep asking,
right?
I left after my father died.
He was a lock-pick.
Could crack a safe
in four minutes flat.
He, uh...
Was hired to pull
a bank job
By a group
of heavy-hitters,
And they were impressed,
And pretty soon
he was running with them.
Sound familiar?
What happened?
He was pinched.
When I was eight.
I remember because my mom
was pregnant at the time.
We were on our way
to post bail.
He died...
Along with a dozen policemen
And three civilians.
The shock sent
my mom into labor.
We nearly lost
my brother too.
We left chicago
a few years later.
Moved around
Until my mom decided
to go back to mumbai.
I headed to montreal.
That's quite a story.
What's wrong?
What?
I'm just, uh,
looking out the window.
You're acting all fidgety.
No, it's the elemental.
It's making me uncomfortable.
[clicking gun distractedly]
[rattles taps and sink]
What the...
[cell phone rings]
What is it?
Are you doing anything major
with the system right now?
No. Why?
Something's wrong.
It's moving too slow.
Oh, man.
Oh, no, no, no!
I don't believe this.
What?
They embedded a sleeper worm
that could only be activated
In the event I re-encrypted
the com frequencies.
They knew that we would
discover the first virus.
They had a back-up plan
in place.
Wait a minute.
They're monitoring
our system right now?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm on my way.
I'll take care of it
when I get back.
Uh, no.
No?
If they're so interested
in what we're up to,
I say let them see.
[yelping in pain]
Where did freelander
take him?
How would magnus
get in touch with them?
[gasping]
I don't know anything.
Then you're no good to me.
[dialing down power]
No...
No, don't do this.
[sighs and gasps]
[choking]
[roars in rage]
Duke!
[activates devices]
[roars]
[gasps, wincing]
Why did you do that?
We just got confirmation.
The sanctuary does have jimmy.
What?
We were able to access
their intake files.
Jimmy's there.
Injured,
Just like she said.
[beeping]
It's the duke.
You think
he bought it?
Let's hope so.
I thought I told you
to wait for my call.
I've waited
long enough.
Besides, your friend
isn't doing too good.
I've transmitted
my location.
If you have jimmy
like you say you do,
You have 30 minutes
to deliver him to me,
Otherwise...
Pretty boy dies.
What the hell
are we going to do?
Did you notice that device
he was wearing on his temple?
Yeah, what was that?
It looked like some
sort of electrode.
Okay...
So he's a diukon, remember?
Oh, you think that's
what's suppressing his anger?
It makes sense.
A device that taps directly
into the limbic system
Would have the desired effect
Of keeping his aggression
in check.
All right, that's all great,
but how does that help us?
Diukons' brain chemistry
is vastly different
Than that of a human.
If indeed his rage center
has been suppressed,
It's likely
that other parts of his brain
Are open to manipulation.
What other parts?
The visual cortex,
for one.
Come on, I have an idea.
What was the name
Of the gang
you ran with?
Kingtown?
Yeah.
I think I remember
where I heard of them.
Yeah, that's
good for you.
Guy by the name
of ernesto ripelli
Used to
run with them.
They charged him
With the bombing
that killed my father.
That was before my time.
He got off
Because they uldn't explain
How he got past
the metal detectors.
That's what made
the explosion
So shocking.
No one had any idea
How that bomb
was planted.
It was you, wasn't it?
[barking excitedly]
[barks excitedly]
Kate, you got to understand.
It was my first big job.
I didn't think
I had a choice.
You know how it works.
Once you're in...
You're in.
[pocket squelches wetly]
[activation beep]
So that's it?
That's all you've got to say?
I can't change what I've done.
So my dad was just
in the wrong place
At the wrong time.
Is that it?
Kate, what are you
talking about?
Your dad was the target.
He was trying to cut a deal
with the d.A.
That's why the gang
wanted him killed.
Shut up!
You're lying!
I don't want to be
The bearer
of bad news here,
But your dad was
turning on the guys
He was running with.
He knew the risks.
Well, it doesn't change
the fact that he's dead.
No, it doesn't.
Get down.
Get down on your knees.
Anything else you want to say?
Just that I don't blame you.
And go, white sox.
[barking and roaring]
Kate?
James...
We have to go.
Not now.
Magnus needs our help.
Where's jimmy?
I wanted to make certain
will was still alive.
Now you are.
Where's jimmy?
I don't take kindly
to strangers coming into my
town
Making bull-headed demands.
You'll get james
Once you've released will.
You've got
me now.
You don't need both of us.
Magnus--
This is not
a negotiation.
I was prepared
to cut you some slack
Because of
your considerable reputation,
But now you're just
trying my patience.
So one
last time--
Where's jimmy?
Fair enough.
Easy.
Easy!
[will]: Magnus,
don't do it!
Jimmy...
Well, now,
you've given me some grief
Over the last few days,
Now, haven't you?
Are we square?
Yeah.
Yeah, get
out of here.
Boss,
what're you--
Let him go.
Come on.
Let me see
the container.
Since when
did you turn
Into david blaine?
Just keep moving.
It's working, sally.
Keep concentrating.
What the hell
is wrong with you?
I said,
let me see it.
Duke, there's
no one there.
Who you
talking to?
Let me see the container.
Now!
No!
Stop them!
[gunshots ricochet]
I suppose
that was your idea of a joke!
[tires squealing]
Stop!
You're looking
for me?
Jimmy.
Duke.
Let them go.
I'll come quietly,
But you've got to
release them first.
How do I know
you have the container?
Why don't you reach in
and see for yourself?
Okay.
Well, it looks like
we have a deal after all.
James, you don't
have to do this.
Yes, I do.
I'm sorry.
It's all
I can say.
You go. Hurry.
All right, come on,
come on, get in the car.
Tell the others
we'll meet 'em in chicago.
[sighs heavily]
Jimmy...
Duke.
Glad you finally
came to your senses.
Me too.
Let's see the goods.
Sure.
What's this
doing here?
I don't know.
Oh, no.
Here you go.
I admit, it was
a calculated risk.
That's what
you call it?
I mean, did you even know
it was going to work?
Not positively, no,
But I was
fairly certain
That if henry
were able to boost
Sally's
telepathic signal,
She could tap
directly into
The duke's
visual cortex.
And see something
that wasn't really there.
Exactly.
That's why
I'm glad we had
A fairly recent
photo of james
For her to focus on.
Yeah, about james...
I'm sorry.
He did what he felt
he had to do.
He'd been living with the guilt
for so many years,
I suspect it was a relief.
Yeah.
Well, I'm off to see sally.
Hey, what kind of thank-you
gift
do you get for a mermaid?
She really likes it
if you swim with her.
Huh... I'll get my suit.
No suit.
[gentle knock on door]
May I come in?
Yeah.
How's the shoulder?
Looks like
my tennis days are over.
I wanted you to know
that I had no idea
About your family's
prior history
With james,
Otherwise
I would--
Never would have put me
in that position.
I know. It's okay.
Actually, it's not.
I run a very thorough
background check
On everyone I work with,
And somehow
I missed this.
I'm sorry.
Well, it's not
the kind of thing
You put
at the top of your resume.
Well, I appreciate
your understanding.
I'm not sure I'd be as
forgiving if I were in your
position.
It's funny.
I always wondered
what I would do
If I ever figured out
who killed my father.
Turns out it's not
as black and white as I
thought.
Life rarely is.
I could have been jimmy.
I've done things
I'm not proud of.
How areewe so different?
I've been blaming
the way my life turned out
On that one moment
20 years ago...
But the truth is,
I made my life the way it is.
And your life
is still unfolding.
I'll let you rest.
Sync by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org